Update guide.md (#131)
Start9Labs/bitcoind-wrapper: docs/integrations/sparrow/guide.md

# Sparrow Wallet Setup Guide

You have two options for connecting Sparrow directly to Bitcoin's RPC: LAN (.local) and Tor (.onion).  LAN of course only works on the lan but is very fast, while Tor works remotely but is slow.  Switching between them is just a matter of changing .local to .onion (or vice versa) and switching the Tor proxy off or on, respectively, and changing the Port used to connect.

> If you use LAN (.local), and you run Windows, make sure you have [Bonjour setup](https://docs.start9.com/latest/guides/device-guides/dg-windows/lan-windows#install-bonjour).

Author: ```suggestion
If you use LAN (.local), and you run Windows, make sure you have [Bonjour set up](https://docs.start9.com/latest/guides/device-guides/dg-windows/lan-windows#install-bonjour).
```
